MAINT: Move ``NPY_VSTRING`` and make ``NPY_NTYPES NPY_TYPES_LEGACY`` (#25797)
numpy/numpy: doc/release/upcoming_changes/25347.c_api.rst

  exposed. This includes functions for acquiring and releasing mutexes locking
  access to the string data as well as packing and unpacking UTF-8 bytestreams
  from array entries.
* ``NPY_NTYPES`` has been renamed to ``NPY_NTYPES_LEGACY`` as it does not

>   include new NumPy built-in DTypes (specially the string DType).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  include new NumPy built-in DTypes. In particular the new string DType
  will likely not work correctly with code that handles legacy DTypes.
```

Would it maybe be useful for downstream to have a `NTYPES_NONLEGACY` that is set to 1 now? I guess we can always add that later.

Author: Yah, let's add it later, right now I am not even sure that `NPY_NTYPES` has a single user.
